(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] So now that we've seen how to do
one Feign call, and how to use Eureka
to make those calls possible,
we're going to implement a challenge exercise now
to complete this service that we started writing.
So here's the requirements of this service,
and this will be the room reservation service,
to be clear.
So you need to create clients
for the guest and the reservation services.
Now if you don't want to use Feign
and you want to try out ribbon,
that's definitely acceptable.
But essentially you've got to make that web service call.
From the room reservation service
to both the guest and the reservation services respectively.
You need to populate all of the data
from that room reservation object
from all of the services for a given date.
And in order to use that given date,
you're going to need to modify
the underlying reservation service
to take a date and make the data call
to accept data as well.
And then you're going to need to use a date format
of year, year, year, year,
dash, month, month, dash, DD.
That way you can accept that date from the web service
translated into a Java Date or a SQL Date
and then pass it down to the database to get data back.
That's your challenge and I'll be back with a solution.